feat: Add prop `autoFocus` to set focus on the Excalidraw component (#3691)
excalidraw/excalidraw: src/packages/excalidraw/CHANGELOG.md

### Features

> - Added prop `autofocus` which when enabled will focus on the Excalidraw component on page load [#3691](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/pull/3691).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added prop [`autofocus`](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/blob/master/src/packages/excalidraw/README.md#autofocus) to focus the excalidraw component when enabled., defaults to false [#3691](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/pull/3691).

Note: earlier the excalidraw component was focussed by default, so you will have to enable this prop to retain the behaviour.
```

> - Added prop [`autofocus`](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/blob/master/src/packages/excalidraw/README.md#autofocus) to focus the excalidraw component when enabled, defaults to false [#3691](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/pull/3691).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added prop [`autofocus`](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/blob/master/src/packages/excalidraw/README.md#autofocus) to focus the excalidraw component on page load when enabled, defaults to false [#3691](https://github.com/excalidraw/excalidraw/pull/3691).

Note: Earlier Excalidraw component was focussed by default on page load, you need to enable `autofocus` prop to retain the same behaviour.
```
